So I realize I took a little side turn there to talk about
context and stack methods for VPC characteristics.
However, in the goal of building loosely coupled applications,
these dynamic properties are important to remain dynamic.
The fastest way to violate this best practice is to
hard code a VPC in a construct.
That locks your construct essentially into a single
region right out of the gate.
Let's check back in with Ellen and Josh and see how they plan to achieve
principles of loose coupling in their environments.
Ellen is in the process of building policies around best practice
architecture to explicitly avoid any tight coupling scenarios.
These best practices and mandates are development guidelines that must be
followed before any application can proceed through the pipeline.
Among these best practices are a highly encouraged use of serverless
technologies due to its inherent loose coupling nature,
even though no current decision has been made on serverless frameworks.
The SSM parameter store is required,
and only approved environment characteristics are allowed as
dictated by parameters are in the store.
In the event that VPCs are used,
constructs using them are built with dynamic properties
using context values and SSM parameters.
Some semblance of an interface is required between components,
such as an API gateway between a front‑end application and a
datastore or Lambda functions therein.
CDK applications require the use of concrete interfaces as well at the
construct or stack level populated from dynamic properties,
as we saw earlier.
And then all resources must be immutable and expendable,
such as an EC2 instance in a load balancer auto‑scaling group.
As the organization progresses with more mature adoption,
this strategy is intended to evolve.
With a great foundation around many critical best practices and tools,
we now finally get to explore the ultimate concept in promoting all these
best practices, the creation of custom construct libraries, coming up in the next module.